*   [Home](/)
*   The way you apply for teacher training is changing

The way you apply for teacher training is changing
==================================================

The Department for Education (DfE) is developing a new GOV.UK application service for candidates for postgraduate teacher training called [Apply for teacher training](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.education.gov.uk/candidate). The new service will eventually replace UCAS Teacher Training.

[Apply for teacher training](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.education.gov.uk/candidate) is simplified, user-friendly and flexible. It will allow candidates from a wider and more diverse pool of talent to showcase their skills, experience and potential to be excellent teachers.

Timings
-------

The new Apply for teacher training service went live with a limited number of training providers in November 2019. Apply is currently being rolled out to training providers throughout England; by October 2021, candidates will apply to all courses and all providers using the new service. Until then, two postgraduate teacher training application services will run side by side (Apply for teacher training and UCAS Teacher Training).

Choosing which service to use for your application
--------------------------------------------------

When you search for a course on [Find postgraduate teacher training](https://find-postgraduate-teacher-training.education.gov.uk/), you’ll be given a choice about which service you’d like to use.

*   [View a list of training providers and courses available through the new GOV.UK service](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.education.gov.uk/candidate/providers)

**We suggest you use Apply for teacher training if:**

*   all your chosen training providers are available through this new service
*   you want to trial a streamlined, modern GOV.UK service with the same personalised support currently available to all candidates from a teacher training adviser

[Continue to Apply for teacher training](https://www.apply-for-teacher-training.education.gov.uk/candidate "Apply")

**We suggest you use UCAS Teacher Training if:**

*   you’ve already started applying via UCAS
*   some of your chosen training providers are not available through Apply for teacher training and you don’t want to use 2 different services

[Apply via UCAS Teacher Training](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/applying-through-ucas-teacher-training "UCAS")

### A few things to bear in mind

1.  The qualifications you need for teacher training remain the same, whether you apply through UCAS Teacher Training or Apply for teacher training.
2.  Training providers will state clearly on their websites or the Find postgraduate teacher training service whether they are accepting applications via Apply for teacher training.
3.  During the first round of your application (Apply 1), you should apply to no more than three courses in total, and accept only one offer. This rule applies whether you use UCAS Teacher Training, Apply for teacher training, or a combination of the two.
4.  Apply 1 and Apply 2 deadlines, and the way in which providers process applications will remain the same for both services. Training provider and course codes will also remain the same across both services.
5.  Whichever service you choose to use, the [impact of coronavirus (COVID-19)](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/impact-of-covid-19-on-applicants) means there will probably be a delay in the processing of your application.

Help and advice
---------------

 If you need support with your teacher training application, you can:

*   call Get Into Teaching on Freephone 0800 389 2500 between 8am and 8pm, Monday to Friday
*   use [Get Into Teaching's online chat service](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/lp/live-chat) between 8am and 8pm, Monday to Friday

If you’d like more information and guidance about the Apply for teacher training service you can also contact the Apply for teacher training team on [becomingateacher@digital.education.gov.uk](mailto:mailto:becomingateacher@digital.education.gov.uk).

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.