*   [Home](/)
*   You’re a kinesthetic learner

You’re a kinesthetic learner
============================

Kinesthetic learners do better when they have a hands-on approach. So, for them actually doing something and being active is the best way to learn. This is because they generally can’t sit for too long and suffer from short attention spans.

### What works for you:

Put what you’ve learnt into practice

Revise with others

Learn while being active

Not only does understanding your learning style help with your revision, but it also helps with teaching. No two people learn the same way, and understanding different methods helps teachers tailor their classes, so every student has the best chance at success.

To find out more about the options available to you, explore the [Get Into Teaching website](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/) or give us a call on 0800 389 2500 to find out about our free one-to-one support.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.