*   [Home](/)
*   What's your learning style?

What's your learning style?
===========================

Everyone has a different style of learning, and if you know how you learn, it’s easier to tailor your revision to prepare for your exams. So, have a go at the quiz below to discover your learning style.

1\. Would you rather listen to class lectures, or read over your notes?
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

A. I definitely prefer hearing my lecturer explain things.

B. I need to see the words in front of me to remember things.

C. Neither. I learn by doing.

D. Both. I need to listen to the lecturer and then read over my notes to remember things.

2\. How easily can you memorise dance moves?
--------------------------------------------

A. Fairly easily. I use the music to help me memorise the steps.

B. I need to write down all the steps in order to memorise them.

C. Very easily. I only have to run through the routine a couple of times.

D. Not very easily and it takes me a while.

3\. Can you remember the exact lyrics to songs?
-----------------------------------------------

A. Of course! I know the words to every song when I’m out with my friends.

B. I can after watching a lyric video. It helps to see the words in front of me.

C. I remember them better when I’m dancing to the song.

D. No, I can’t.

4\. How organised are your notes after a lecture?
-------------------------------------------------

A. I don’t take notes because I prefer to listen in a lecture.

B. Mine are always in order.

C. Mine are a bit of a mess.

D. I only take notes after doing something interactive or physical.

5\. Where do you learn best?
----------------------------

A. In a big class listening to a lecturer.

B. Somewhere quiet like the library where I can sit and read over my notes. 

C. Outside of the lecture when I’m on a trip and actually experiencing something. 

D. With a group of friends. 

6\. Do you use charts and graphs to help you revise?
----------------------------------------------------

A. I don’t really like them because I usually need someone to explain them to me.

B. Yes. I really like to see information mapped out.

C. No. I don’t really understand things when they’re displayed like that.

D. I only use them when I’m revising with friends and we’re discussing them.

Results
-------

[Mostly As](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/youre-an-auditory-learner)   
  
[Mostly Bs](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/youre-a-visual-learner)  
  
[Mostly Cs](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/youre-a-kinesthetic-learner)  
  
[Mostly Ds](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/youre-a-kinesthetic-learner)

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.