Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Train to teach in Sheffield with Learning Unlimited TSA - online event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Train to teach in Sheffield with Learning Unlimited TSA - online event", "description": " Sign up for the virtual information event to find out more about a great career in teaching", "startDate": "12 May 2021 at 16:00", "endDate": "12 May 2021 at 17:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Learning Unlimited TSA" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " S8 7TR", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Train to teach in Sheffield with Learning Unlimited TSA - online event
======================================================================

12 May 2021 at 16:00 - 17:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Train to teach with Learning Unlimited Teaching School Alliance in partnership with the Sheffield SCITT or Sheffield Hallam University as accredited providers. Offering: 

100% school based training  
  
working alongside outstanding primary teachers, who will mentor you  
  
training facilitated by outstanding practitioners.

Courses:

5 to 11 GENERAL PRIMARY QTS WITH PGCE - accredited by the Sheffield SCITT  
  
5 to 11 GENERAL PRIMARY WITH MATHS QTS WITH PGCE - accredited by the Sheffield SCITT (this course has a £6000 bursary for trainees with an A level grade B or above in maths)  
  
3 to 7 GENERAL PRIMARY QTS WITH PGCE IN EARLY YEARS/FOUNDATION STAGE - accredited by Sheffield Hallam University

Entry Qualifications:  
  
You need a relevant degree and Maths, English and Science GCSE grade C or above. Recent relevant work experience is important but not essential.

Fees and Finance:  
  
Fees are £9250. For full details on finance visit [here](http://www.education.gov.uk/get-into-teaching). We can offer the General Primary 5-11 courses with QTS only if for example you already have a Masters degree. Then the course fees will be £7850.

To attend this event, please [register on our website](https://primarytsa.eventbrite.co.uk).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, S8 7TR

[Visit venue website](https://primarytsa.eventbrite.co.uk "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Postgraduates

**Organiser:** Learning Unlimited TSA

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://primarytsa.eventbrite.co.uk)

### Contact email:

[enquiries@lutsa.co.uk](mailto:enquiries@lutsa.co.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.