Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Cheshire East SCITT - online information session

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Cheshire East SCITT - online information session", "description": " Find out more about training to teach in Cheshire East by joining our online Zoom meeting.", "startDate": "21 April 2021 at 18:00", "endDate": "21 April 2021 at 19:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Holmes Chapel Comprehensive School" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " CW4 7DX", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Cheshire East SCITT - online information session
================================================

21 April 2021 at 18:00 - 19:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

The Cheshire East SCITT offers an 11-16 training programme with post 16 experience and is part of the Chimney House Alliance (CHA). It has a strong track record of collaborative working in partnership with The Manchester Metropolitan University and an excellent reputation for Initial Teacher Training. The Cheshire East SCITT is based at Holmes Chapel Comprehensive School, a well-established National Teaching School. Our centre based training is run from our training facility here and trainees are placed in one of our 16 partner schools, based in Cheshire East and Staffordshire. Most of our schools are nestled within the beautiful Cheshire countryside but can be accessed easily from the M6 and frequent train routes from Crewe and Manchester.

Trainees are placed in a range of highly supportive and inspirational learning environments to enable them to develop the rigour, professional knowledge and skills necessary for the delivery of creative and challenging teaching and learning. We offer both provider led and School Direct routes where the school and students are at the centre of all our teacher training. Our trainees participate in a coordinated series of professional studies conferences led by outstanding current teachers and school leaders – “Fantastic Fridays” as the trainees call them! 

Our courses offer a PGCE with QTS and 60 Masters Credits, and have a strong track record of employment. Join our Zoom to talk to our current and recent trainees and find out more!

To attend this event, please [email us.](mailto:annabel.bush@hccs.info)

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, CW4 7DX

[Visit venue website](https://www.hccs1978.co.uk/home "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Anyone interested in getting into teaching in Cheshire East

**Organiser:** Holmes Chapel Comprehensive School

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.cheshireeastscitt.org/)

### Contact email:

[annabel.bush@hccs.info](mailto:annabel.bush@hccs.info)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.