Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Isle of Wight - Primary train to teach virtual event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Isle of Wight - Primary train to teach virtual event ", "description": " Train to Teach event for those who want to train to be a primary teacher on the Isle of Wight.", "startDate": "11 May 2021 at 17:00", "endDate": "11 May 2021 at 18:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Portsmouth Teaching School Alliance" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " PO1 5LD", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Isle of Wight - Primary train to teach virtual event
====================================================

11 May 2021 at 17:00 - 18:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Do you want to inspire young people and make a real difference? Are you passionate and enthusiastic about education? Do you want to be supported and have real opportunities to develop your career?

Our Isle of Wight Primary School Direct programme was graded Ofsted 'Outstanding' in all areas in November 2018. The Isle of Wight hub is part of the Portsmouth Teaching School Alliance which provides a dynamic and supportive environment in which to learn to teach. The Isle of Wight tutors offer a high quality school based training programme tailored to your needs. Trainees benefit from working closely in small groups alongside experienced and committed staff who are eager to share their skills, experience and practice. You will spend 4 days in school and 1 day in our dedicated training centre on the Island. On successful completion you will achieve a PGCE with QTS.

The Portsmouth Teaching School Alliance is committed to the continued professional development of its staff. Once qualified, we offer a highly structured induction and development programme to support you in your career progression. Within a caring and stimulating atmosphere we encourage our trainees to become outstanding teachers and future leaders.

We are proud of our 100% pass rate and that trainees go on to work as newly qualified teachers in Island schools.

To attend this event, please [email us](mailto: louise.wells@portsmouthtsa.org).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, PO1 5LD

[Visit venue website](https://portsmouthtsa.org/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Career changers, graduates or teaching assistants wishing to train to teach

**Organiser:** Portsmouth Teaching School Alliance

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://portsmouthtsa.org/courses-2021/)

### Contact email:

[louise.wells@portsmouthtsa.org](mailto:louise.wells@portsmouthtsa.org)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.