Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   i2i Teaching Partnership - get into teaching virtual information seminar

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " i2i Teaching Partnership - get into teaching virtual information seminar", "description": " Join our online webinar to find out more about Secondary teacher training in Surrey/Hampshire.", "startDate": "21 April 2021 at 19:00", "endDate": "21 April 2021 at 20:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "i2i Teaching Partnership (Weydon Multi Academy Trust)" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " GU9 8UG", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

i2i Teaching Partnership - get into teaching virtual information seminar
========================================================================

21 April 2021 at 19:00 - 20:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Find out more about training to be a secondary school teacher the school-led route with the i2 Teaching Partnership - a leading Surrey/Hampshire based provider. This free webinar will provide information on how to become a Secondary school teacher, including qualifications needed, gaining school experience, funding options and how to apply. You will also have the opportunity to ask questions to our panel of teaching and recruitment professionals.

Transform, Lead, Inspire - Teach!  Imagine a career where you are immersed in your subject every single day and are making a lasting difference to young people's lives. From helping a student get to that "light bulb" moment to helping shape the lives of the next generation – teaching is a challenging but incredibly rewarding profession that is full of meaning. Your classroom is where it all happens- excitement, discovery, awe and wonder. As a teacher, you will face a host of competing demands and challenges, but for every challenge you will find an equal or greater reward.

Open to all members of the public in other careers, university students, graduates who have not yet settled on a career and to those already working in schools. For further information about the i2i SCITT Teacher Training Programme please [visit our website](https://www.i2ipartnership.co.uk/).

To attend this event, please [register on our website](https://www.i2ipartnership.co.uk/443/upcoming-events).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, GU9 8UG

[Visit venue website](https://www.i2ipartnership.co.uk/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Undergraduates, graduates or career changers interested in teaching as a career and who are considering the SCITT route

**Organiser:** i2i Teaching Partnership (Weydon Multi Academy Trust)

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.i2ipartnership.co.uk/443/upcoming-events)

### Contact email:

[ktaylor@weydonschool.surrey.sch.uk](mailto:ktaylor@weydonschool.surrey.sch.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.