Train to Teach

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [Train to Teach events](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events)
*   Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Train to Teach Southampton virtual event", "description": " This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach. ", "startDate": "24 March 2021 at 17:00", "endDate": "24 March 2021 at 19:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online event portal", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Southampton", "postalCode": " SO15 1AG", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Train to Teach Southampton virtual event
========================================

24 March 2021 at 17:00 - 19:00 in Southampton at the Online event portal

To attend this event, you must register for a place. Once registered, you will receive log-in information and joining instructions via email.

Register for this event

Event information:
------------------

Our virtual Train to Teach events will provide you with a wealth of information on how to get into teaching and how to apply for training in your region.

What you can expect:

*   chat online with newly qualified teachers and find out what a day in the life of a teacher is really like
*   get one-to-one advice from our teaching experts on your application, including specific advice on your personal statement
*   watch a presentation on how to get into teaching
*   chat with local teacher training providers about the courses they offer in your region

You can spend as much or as little time as you like at the event. We can point you in the right direction and give you the answers you need to help get you one step closer to your rewarding new future.

To attend this event, you must register for a place. Once registered, you will receive log-in information and joining instructions via email. 

**Please note: to access this event you will require a laptop/desktop pc and be using chrome as your browser.**

Register for this event

Venue information:
------------------

Online event portal, Southampton, SO15 1AG

### Frequently asked questions

Download the below PDF to view frequently asked questions about the events

[Download](/sites/all/themes/dfegit/files/ttt_event_faqs.pdf)

### Who will be there

Expert teacher training advisers, current teachers and local teacher training providers will be able to answer any questions you have on getting into teaching.

### Register for this event

Register for this event

To attend this event you need to have registered with us
--------------------------------------------------------

*   ### I’ve already registered 
    
    [Register for this event](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/eventrsvp/?eventid=489)
*   ### Register now to attend 
    
    [Continue to register](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register?eventid=489)

### Upcoming events

[View all Train to Teach events](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-national-virtual-event-010421)

#### Train to Teach national virtual event

31 March 2021 - 18:00

**National**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in England, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.