Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Waverley School Direct – your questions answered online event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Waverley School Direct – your questions answered online event", "description": " School Direct colleagues will help you to identify the best teacher training option for you.", "startDate": "24 March 2021 at 16:00", "endDate": "24 March 2021 at 17:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Waverley School" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " B9 5QA", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Waverley School Direct – your questions answered online event
=============================================================

24 March 2021 at 16:00 - 17:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

The Waverley School Direct Programme is in its eighth year of recruiting talented and committed future teachers to train in its partnership of local schools. We are proud to serve one of the most disadvantaged areas of Birmingham and a very high percentage of our trainees go on to work as Newly Qualified Teachers in local schools and to make a difference in our communities.

We offer a full postgraduate PGCE with 60 Masters credits through partnerships with Birmingham City University and Newman University, across a wide range of subjects. Our trainees come together to school-based sessions delivered by current practitioners, sharing expertise and developing understanding of the learning continuum. Our alumni can access support into their early career, aiding both retention and progression.

If you are a recent graduate, final year undergraduate or career changer, join us online to meet colleagues involved in our teacher training programme. We will explore a range of topics, such as different ITT routes, entry requirements, finance, writing an effective personal statement and preparing for interview. And you will find out what is so special about the Waverley School Direct programme!

A short questionnaire will be circulated in advance to ensure information is as tailored as possible. The session will begin with a presentation, followed by the opportunity to ask questions. We look forward to meeting you.

To attend this event, please [email us](mailto:Training@waverley.bham.sch.uk).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, B9 5QA

[Visit venue website](https://www.thewef.org.uk/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Graduates and undergraduates who are considering applying to train to teach

**Organiser:** Waverley School

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.thewef.org.uk/)

### Contact email:

[Training@waverley.bham.sch.uk](mailto:Training@waverley.bham.sch.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.