Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Teach North 1-2-1 phone call event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Teach North 1-2-1 phone call event", "description": " We&#039;re here to give you personalised guidance to support your next steps!", "startDate": "12 April 2021 at 16:00", "endDate": "12 April 2021 at 17:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Teach North " }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " DN6 7EQ", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Teach North 1-2-1 phone call event
==================================

12 April 2021 at 16:00 - 17:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Register for one of our 15 minute 1-2-1 phone calls with the Teach North team. This is your opportunity to discuss our School Direct programme, explore the application and interview process in more detail and ask any questions that you may have. The Teach North team are looking forward to speaking with you.

To attend this event, please [register on our website](https://teachnorth.com/information-events).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, DN6 7EQ

[Visit venue website](https://teachnorth.com/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Future trainee teachers with a drive to raise standards and transform lives.

**Organiser:** Teach North

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://teachnorth.com/information-events)

### Contact email:

[teachnorth@oie.outwood.com](mailto:teachnorth@oie.outwood.com)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.