Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Birmingham tea and teach online event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Birmingham tea and teach online event", "description": " Informal zoom chat about Routes into Teaching options, with Newman University&#039;s friendly team.", "startDate": "25 March 2021 at 12:00", "endDate": "25 March 2021 at 13:30", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Newman University" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " B32 3NT", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Birmingham tea and teach online event
=====================================

25 March 2021 at 12:00 - 13:30 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Our Faculty of Education has been training teachers for over 50 years with more than 13,500 students becoming qualified teachers through Newman University's Initial Teacher Education courses. Academic staff will be available to discuss Primary and Secondary teacher training, Subject Knowledge Enhancement (SKE) and Equivalency Test support, with you.

We offer the following PGCEs (with QTS) routes for graduates (duration 1 year full-time):

*   Primary 3-7 (Early Years)
*   Primary 5-11
*   Secondary
*   Biology
*   Chemistry
*   Computing
*   English
*   Geography
*   Mathematics
*   Physical Education
*   Physics
*   Religious Education

We also work with partner Teaching School Alliances to provide School Direct PGCE routes with QTS at Primary and Secondary Schools across the Midlands. For those applicants who do not have sufficient subject knowledge prior to starting their PGCE, Newman University offers Subject Knowledge Enhancement (SKE) courses in: Computing, English, Geography, Mathematics, Biology, Chemistry, Physics.

We offer two undergraduate routes to qualified teacher status (QTS): Primary 3-7 (Foundation and KS 1) and 5-11 (Key Stage 1 and 2) - duration 3 yrs full-time.

ITE Applicants who do not have the required GCSE qualifications can sit an equivalency test in the subject required. Due to the cancellation of GCSE examinations during the COVID-19 pandemic the University will be offering applicants the opportunity to sit an equivalency test in the appropriate subjects.

To attend this event, please [email us.](mailto:fed@newman.ac.uk)

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, B32 3NT

[Visit venue website](https://www.newman.ac.uk/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Aspiring trainee teachers

**Organiser:** Newman University

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.newman.ac.uk/event/tea-and-teach-thursdays/all/)

### Contact email:

[colin.harris@staff.newman.ac.uk](mailto:colin.harris@staff.newman.ac.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.