Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Essex Teacher Training 1-2-1 online info event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Essex Teacher Training 1-2-1 online info event", "description": " Chat to one of our Programme Leaders to find out more about training to teach in a school near you.", "startDate": "25 March 2021 at 16:30", "endDate": "25 March 2021 at 18:30", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Essex Teacher Training" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " CM18 6TE", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Essex Teacher Training 1-2-1 online info event
==============================================

25 March 2021 at 16:30 - 18:30 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Join us online to chat 1-2-1 to one of our Programme Leaders. Take the opportunity to ask questions about the different options available to you, whether you wish to train in a primary, secondary or special school. We offer training in Essex, East Hertfordshire, South Suffolk and North London. Book a place by completing the contact form on our website. Please remember to state the date of this event in your message to us. Times will be allocated by us but if you require a specific time, please let us know and we will do our best to accommodate.

To attend this event, please [register on our website](https://essexteachertraining.co.uk/contact-us/).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, CM18 6TE

[Visit venue website](https://essexteachertraining.co.uk/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Anyone who wishes to train to be a teacher.

**Organiser:** Essex Teacher Training

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://essexteachertraining.co.uk/contact-us/)

### Contact email:

[info@essexteachertraining.co.uk](mailto:info@essexteachertraining.co.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.