Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Star Teachers' virtual school experience morning

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Star Teachers&#039; virtual school experience morning", "description": " Join us at our Virtual School Experience Morning to find out more about outstanding teaching.", "startDate": "25 March 2021 at 09:00", "endDate": "25 March 2021 at 12:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Star Academies" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " BB1 2HT", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Star Teachers' virtual school experience morning
================================================

25 March 2021 at 09:00 - 12:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

If you've been considering your future career options and think teaching could be the right profession for you, join us at our Virtual School Experience Morning to find out what it's like to take your first step into teaching. Star Teachers is an 'Outstanding' rated organisation that provides high quality graduate teacher training within the North West, West Yorkshire and West Midlands; Outstanding teaching delivers outstanding outcomes.

The virtual experience is an opportunity for graduates, career changers and school partners to hear about the different routes into teaching which Star has to offer. You will be able to speak to current trainees and NQTs, as well as observe lessons during the morning. We will explain the training programmes which we have available, our entry criteria and the generous bursaries and scholarships you can apply for to support you during your training year.

You will have plenty of time to ask questions to our experts and trainees who will be happy to offer advice. At this event, Star Teachers will provide more information about the training programme, support your application and provide guidance on how to prepare for your teacher training. Please register by contacting Felicity Ackroyd (Deputy Head ITT and Teacher Development): [on this email](mailto:felicity.ackroyd@staracademies.org.uk) or telephone 0330 313 9876.

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, BB1 2HT

[Visit venue website](https://www.starinstitute.org.uk/media/news-events/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Trainee teachers, career changers

**Organiser:** Star Academies

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.starinstitute.org.uk/media/news-events/)

### Contact email:

[felicity.ackroyd@staracademies.org](mailto:felicity.ackroyd@staracademies.org)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.