Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Teach First North West - online group information session

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Teach First North West - online group information session", "description": " Group information session for those interested in teaching in the North West.", "startDate": "24 March 2021 at 18:00", "endDate": "24 March 2021 at 19:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Teach First" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " M2 2BY", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Teach First North West - online group information session
=========================================================

24 March 2021 at 18:00 - 19:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Switching to a career in teaching takes guts, but we're here to help. If you train to teach with Teach First, you'll get expert support every step of the way and earn a competitive salary from day one in the classroom. But you'll also have the chance to change countless lives, starting with your own.

If you'd like to find out more, come along to a group information session on 10 March where you will learn more about:

*   our Training Programme – salary, qualifications, Summer Institute and application process
*   training with us in the North West – we'll talk about main teaching hubs and potential employment locations in the North West
*   eligibility requirements and subject availability in your area – positions are currently open for Science, Maths, Computing, Modern Foreign Languages, Religious Education and Design Technology
*   transitioning into a new career – the session will be run by a Teach First representative who exclusively works with professionals and career changers and will tell more about the support we offer before, during and after our training.

Please note that we are no longer recruiting for Primary positions in the North West. Please sign up by clicking the link and we will send you detailed instructions on how to join the session the day before the event.

To attend this event, please [register on our website](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/teach-first-north-west-group-information-session-tickets-142858789485).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, M2 2BY

[Visit venue website](https://www.teachfirst.org.uk/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Professionals and career changers

**Organiser:** Teach First

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/teach-first-north-west-group-information-session-tickets-142858789485)

### Contact email:

[ivysniauskaite@teachfirst.org.uk](mailto:ivysniauskaite@teachfirst.org.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.