Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   North Manchester Initial Teacher Training Partnership - online SCITT information event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " North Manchester Initial Teacher Training Partnership - online SCITT information event", "description": " Virtual Online Information Event for graduates who are interested in a career in teaching.", "startDate": "1 April 2021 at 17:30", "endDate": "1 April 2021 at 18:30", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "North Manchester Initial Teacher Training Partnership" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " M40 8NT", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

North Manchester Initial Teacher Training Partnership - online SCITT information event
======================================================================================

1 April 2021 at 17:30 - 18:30 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

North Manchester Initial Teacher Training Partnership was set up in 2015 to establish an outstanding and personalised teacher training programme based in North Manchester. The range of courses offered by NMITTP are designed to support the demand for high quality primary and secondary trainees that will train, qualify and teach within the North Manchester area.

NMITTP are one of the few providers in the North West to offer the Assessment Only route into teaching, a route primarily designed for highly experienced unqualified teachers. NMITTP also offer the Salaried Primary route to QTS which is usually accessed by experienced teaching assistants looking to take the next step in their career. At NMITTP, we are committed to providing our trainees with robust, evidence informed training, delivered in a supportive environment. It is our aim to nurture confident, effective and inspiring practitioners, who will go on to positively contribute to their school and local community.

If you are interested in a career in teaching, join us online to find out more about our programme. The session will open with a presentation, followed by the chance to speak to members of the NMITTP team.

To attend the event, please [email us](mailto:nmittp@mca.manchester.sch.uk). We will then contact you with a link to our virtual session.

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, M40 8NT

[Visit venue website](https://www.teachnorthmanchester.com/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** For graduates interested in school centered teacher training based in Manchester.

**Organiser:** North Manchester Initial Teacher Training Partnership

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.teachnorthmanchester.com/)

### Contact email:

[lucy.hodson@mca.manchester.sch.uk](mailto:lucy.hodson@mca.manchester.sch.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.