Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Achieve with TELA teacher training online information event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Achieve with TELA teacher training online information event", "description": " An information event to find out more about our Achieve School Direct teacher training programme.", "startDate": "24 March 2021 at 18:00", "endDate": "24 March 2021 at 19:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "TECC" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " LE9 6PT", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Achieve with TELA teacher training online information event
===========================================================

24 March 2021 at 18:00 - 19:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

This is a virtual event including why choose school-based training with Achieve with TELA, how our programme works, how it differs from other routes into teaching, get information on the application process and what to expect at an interview. Plus meet some of this years trainees, and ask them what its really like.

Our Achieve with TELA School Direct programme offers practical, hands-on training and education based in TELA partner Primary and Secondary schools across a range of subjects throughout Leicestershire. Working in partnership with the Leicestershire SCITT, University of Leicester and University of Warwick to offer PGCE accreditation, Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) and Master Level credits.

To attend this event, please [email us](mailto: tela@thomasestley.org.uk).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, LE9 6PT

[Visit venue website](https://telaonline.co.uk/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** An information event to find out more about our Achieve School Direct teacher training programme.

**Organiser:** TECC

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://telaonline.co.uk/)

### Contact email:

[tela@thomasestley.org.uk](mailto:tela@thomasestley.org.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.