Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Train to teach primary with Harris ITE - online event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Train to teach primary with Harris ITE - online event", "description": " This event is aimed at anyone interested in primary teacher training with HITE.", "startDate": "24 March 2021 at 08:15", "endDate": "24 March 2021 at 09:45", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Harris Initial Teacher Education" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " SE16 3TZ", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Train to teach primary with Harris ITE - online event
=====================================================

24 March 2021 at 08:15 - 09:45 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Do you want to find out about primary teacher training with Harris Initial Teacher Education? Come and meet our friendly tutor team on-line.

If you are thinking about starting a career in primary teaching and want to find out about training to teach with us at Harris Initial Teacher Education, we would love to meet you! Our experienced Tutor Team will be available to talk to you about the Harris School Direct tuition-fee programme and training year, how to balance teacher training with family or social life and answer any questions that you may have. We will also be able to discuss with you how to apply to the Harris School Direct programme.

Come and meet the team online via Zoom on Wednesday 24th March. This event will be child-friendly and will be ran flexibly so that you are able to 'attend' with your children, if needed.

To attend this event, please [register on our website](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/train-to-teach-primary-with-harris-ite-online-recruitment-event-tickets-145430018099).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, SE16 3TZ

[Visit venue website](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/train-to-teach-primary-with-harris-ite-online-recruitment-event-tickets-145430018099 "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Potential Primary teachers

**Organiser:** Harris Initial Teacher Education

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/train-to-teach-primary-with-harris-ite-online-recruitment-event-tickets-145430018099)

### Contact email:

[info@harrisschooldirect.com](mailto:info@harrisschooldirect.com)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.