Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   The Thornden School - remote SCITT information event

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " The Thornden School - remote SCITT information event", "description": " An online session to provide information to graduates interested in training to teach.", "startDate": "30 March 2021 at 17:00", "endDate": "30 March 2021 at 18:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "The Thornden School" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " SO53 2DW", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

The Thornden School - remote SCITT information event
====================================================

30 March 2021 at 17:00 - 18:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Are you thinking about kick-starting an exciting new career in teaching? If so, this is the perfect opportunity for you to learn all you need to know about teacher training and how to apply. Our remote event is designed for anyone who has a degree and is interested in teaching – particularly those who are considering starting their initial teacher training in September 2021. It offers a great opportunity to get all your questions about teaching and teacher training answered.

Those attending will be able to:

*   discuss the different teacher training options available within our partnership
*   meet the SCITT Director and find out about our entry requirements
*   receive advice on submitting a successful UCAS application
*   find out about bursaries, scholarships and funding available for teacher training.

To attend this event, please [register on our website](http://www.hampshirescitt.org.uk).

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, SO53 2DW

[Visit venue website](https://hampshirescitt.org.uk/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** For graduates interested in school centred teacher training within some of the best schools in Hampshire

**Organiser:** The Thornden School

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://hampshirescitt.org.uk/)

### Contact email:

[helen.salisbury@hampshirescitt.org.uk](mailto:helen.salisbury@hampshirescitt.org.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.