Schools and universities

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [School and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)
*   Aspire – virtual school direct information morning and application advice

<!\[CDATA\[ { "@context": "http://schema.org", "@type": "Event", "name": " Aspire – virtual school direct information morning and application advice", "description": " Virtual information session about our primary School Direct programme with application advice .", "startDate": "4 May 2021 at 08:00", "endDate": "4 May 2021 at 09:00", "Organizer": { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Overton CE Primary School" }, "location": { "@type": "Place", "name": " Online ", "address": { "@type": "PostalAddress", "streetAddress": "", "addressLocality": " Online", "postalCode": " RG25 3ES", "addressCountry": "GB" } } } \]\]>

Aspire – virtual school direct information morning and application advice
=========================================================================

4 May 2021 at 08:00 - 09:00 in Online at the Online

Event information:
------------------

Are you a graduate who is interested in training to be a primary school teacher?

*   do you learn better from doing?
*   do you want to learn from nationally recognised leading teachers?
*   do you want to forge relationships that could lead to employment?
*   do you want to be qualified in a year with both PGCE and QTS?

If so, come and 'virtual visit' us to learn more about Aspire Teaching Alliance.

The session will include:

*   a short presentation at 8.00 am about Aspire's School Direct programme and vision
*   advice on what makes a strong application
*   opportunities to ask questions or arrange some school experience. 

To attend this event, please [email us](mailto:aspire@overton.hants.sch.uk)  to reserve a place and we will send you a joining link nearer to the time.

If you can't make it, have a look at our website for details about Aspire's School Direct Programme, details of future events and contact details.

Venue information:
------------------

Online, Online, RG25 3ES

[Visit venue website](https://www.overtonprimary.co.uk/ "Online")

### Additional information:

**Target audience:** Graduates or undergraduates with a desire to teach

**Organiser:** Overton CE Primary School

### Event website:

[Visit event website](https://www.overtonprimary.co.uk/)

### Contact email:

[m.nicholls@overton.hants.sch.uk](mailto:m.nicholls@overton.hants.sch.uk)

### Upcoming events

[View all school and university events](/teaching-events/training-provider-events)

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210319-the-sheffield-scitt-secondary-virtual-open-day)

#### The Sheffield SCITT - Secondary virtual open day

19 March 2021 - 14:00

**Online**

Our secondary lead Jenna McGee will talk you through our 100% school based Teacher Training course.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-bradford-diocesan-academies-trust-itt-online-information-event)

#### Bradford Diocesan Academies Trust ITT - online information event

22 March 2021 - 16:30

**Online**

Information and advice for those considering both primary or secondary teaching in Bradford.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-inspiring-leaders-discovery-trust-information-online-event)

#### Inspiring Leaders - discovery trust information online event

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Find out more about the Inspiring Leaders Teacher Training SCITT programme and one of our partners.

[](/teaching-events/training-provider-events/210322-catholic-teaching-alliance-north-online-information-session)

#### Catholic Teaching Alliance (North) online information session

22 March 2021 - 17:00

**Online**

Information on teacher training at Early Primary, Primary, Secondary, Secondary with post 16 phases.