*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Teacher training routes](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes)
*   [​Specialist training options](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/specialist-training-options)
*   Future Teaching Scholars

Future Teaching Scholars
========================

The Future Teaching Scholars programme is a six-year programme for high-calibre candidates. It offers financial support and extra training while you’re a maths or physics undergraduate, followed by specialist teacher training.

The Future Teaching Scholars programme is a prestigious  route for high-quality A level students with a passion for maths or physics, and an interest in teaching.

In exchange for taking a maths- or physics-related degree, scholars receive a £15,000 grant and early preparation for teaching while studying for their degree. 

After graduating, they receive bespoke employment-based teacher training – earning a salary while they learn, and working in schools from day one – with additional support for two further years and support finding their first teaching job.

**Please note this programme is no longer accepting applications.**

More information is available on the [Future Teaching Scholars website](https://www.futureteachingscholars.com/ "Find out more about the Future Teaching Scholars programme").

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.