*   [Home](/)
*   [Life as a teacher](/life-as-a-teacher)
*   Rewards of teaching

Rewards of teaching
===================

As most teachers will tell you, there’s no such thing as a ‘typical’ day at work. That’s because no two days are the same – you’re unlikely ever to be bored by a lack of variety. It’s also a career that offers great benefits, opportunities for you to use a wide range of skills and inspire students in the subject you love.

Make a difference and inspire the next generation
-------------------------------------------------

You may remember a truly brilliant teacher from school who made a real difference to your life. As a teacher you can use your knowledge and passion for your subject to help children unlock capabilities and talents that they didn’t even know they had. You’ll develop a wide range of transferable skills for yourself in the process, too.

In addition to planning and teaching a range of engaging lessons, you can indulge in your hobbies and interests as part of your work by getting involved in after-school clubs, trips or sport.

A career for the future
-----------------------

Once qualified, there are many chances for good teachers to [climb the career ladder](/node/2286) and find opportunities for employment. The Department for Education has made it easier to find a teaching role via the Teaching Vacancies service. You can search by location, subject, job title and salary - [view the range of teaching roles currently available across England](https://teaching-vacancies.service.gov.uk/).

As part of the Department’s Recruitment and Retention Strategy, which launched in January 2019, the DfE published the Early Career Framework. This sets out what all early career teachers should learn about and learn how to do. It has been developed in close partnership with the profession and draws on the best available research evidence, and has been designed around the most effective forms of professional development.

Under new arrangements, from September 2021 we expect all early career teachers undertaking statutory induction to have access to a programme of training and support based on the Early Career Framework.

This funded, two-year package of structured training and support for early career teachers includes a dedicated mentor and additional funding for 5% time away from the classroom for teachers in their second year. This package is designed to help you feel more confident and in control at the start of your career in teaching.

You can find out more about [the framework here](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/supporting-early-career-teachers/rollout-of-early-career-framework-support-package).

A competitive salary and great benefits
---------------------------------------

You will also [earn a competitive salary](/node/2315 "Find out more about teachers' salaries") and have access to a wealth of other benefits – from a [generous pension](https://www.teacherspensions.co.uk/campaigns/active/nqt-hub/member/nqt-hub.aspx) to up to 13 weeks of holiday allowance. So you can look forward to a career that is both personally and financially rewarding.

Financial support while you train
---------------------------------

There is plenty of [financial support](/node/2325 "Read our overview of funding") available during your teacher training – depending on the subject you want to teach. You could also access [tuition fee and maintenance loans](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/funding-and-salary/overview/postgraduate-loans) to help support you. Or you could earn a salary while you train on [School Direct (salaried) course](/node/2388 "Read about the School Direct (salaried) training route").

### Related content

[Find out from real teachers and trainees how they’ve made a difference to students’ lives](/node/2471 "Read case studies about making a difference")

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.