*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   Training to teach physics

Training to teach physics
=========================

A career as a physics teacher is hugely fulfilling. By sharing your knowledge and enthusiasm for the subject, you’ll show young people how physics is central to everyday life and needn’t be hard to learn.  

### The benefits

you could [a £24,000 tax-free bursary while you train](/node/2334); alternatively, you could receive a prestigious scholarship with £26,000 tax-free while you train.

[further funding for training](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/funding-my-teacher-training) with a tuition fee, maintenance loan and extra financial support if you're a parent or have a disability 

once you [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register), you’ll receive practical advice and guidance from our team of experienced teachers via our free Teacher Training Adviser service  

[Register for more information and support](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register)

What to expect   
-----------------

Your training will focus on how you can make the subject accessible, whether you’re leading practical experiments in electricity or introducing atomic structures. You’ll be introduced to a range of teaching strategies, ensuring confidence in delivering lessons that are exciting and accessible.

Once you qualify, you’ll start on a salary of at least £25,714, or £32,157 in inner London. As your career progresses, so will your salary – more information on teachers' pay ranges can be found on the [teachers' salary page](http://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teachers-salary-and-teaching-benefits/teachers-pay-scale-salary).

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/subject-knowledge-enhancement-ske-courses)

#### Enhance your subject knowledge

If you don’t have a physics degree, or need to refresh your knowledge, you could complete a fully funded subject knowledge enhancement (SKE) course before you start your training.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply/your-steps-to-teacher-training)

#### Step-by-step checklist

The key to a successful application is effective preparation. This short summary will give you an idea of the things you can do to get prepared before you apply. If you’re ready to apply, there are also some handy steps to take before submitting your application.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/postgraduate-teacher-training-courses)

#### Teacher training courses

Find out information on what you'll gain, learn and tips on choosing the right teacher training course.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.