*   [Home](/)
*   [Funding and salary](/funding-and-salary)
*   [Bursaries and funding](/funding-and-salary/overview)
*   Funding by subject

Funding by subject
==================

With tax-free funding available while you train to teach, it’s a great time to think about joining the profession. Different subjects attract varying levels of funding – you can use this section to see what you could receive when you train to teach the subject you love.

Your eligibility for funding, and the amount you can expect to receive, will depend on the subject you choose to teach and your degree classification or highest relevant academic qualification.

Remember, if your degree isn’t in the subject you wish to teach, you may be eligible for a funded course to [increase your subject knowledge](/node/2339 "Find out about subject knowledge enhancement courses") before starting your training.

### Priority subjects

These subjects attract a range of bursaries and scholarships. 

[Funding for training to teach chemistry](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-chemistry)

Tax-free bursaries or scholarships of up to £26,000 are available to eligible trainee chemistry teachers.

[Funding for training to teach computing](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-computing)

Thinking about training to teach computing? Tax-free bursaries or scholarships of up to £26,000 are available to eligible trainee teachers.

[Funding for training to teach maths](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-maths)

Thinking about training to teach maths? Tax-free bursaries or scholarships of up to £26,000 are available to eligible trainee teachers.

[Funding for training to teach physics](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-physics)

Tax-free bursaries or scholarships of up to £26,000 are available to eligible trainee physics teachers. Alternatively, you could choose to earn a salary while you train.

[Funding for training to teach classics](/funding-for-training-to-teach-classics)

If you’re successful in your application to teach classics, you could be eligible for a tax-free bursary of £10,000, or even earn a salary while you train.

[Funding for training to teach languages](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-languages)

Thinking about training to teach languages? You could be eligible for a £10,000 tax-free training bursary – or receive a salary while you train.

[Funding for training to teach biology](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-biology)

As a trainee biology teacher, you could be eligible for a tax-free bursary of £7,000. Alternatively, you could earn a salary while you train.

### Financial support for other subjects

Take advantage of tuition fee and maintenance loans to support you during your training, or look into salaried options. 

[Funding for training to teach art and design](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-art-and-design)

[Funding for training to teach business studies](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-business-studies)

[Funding for training to teach design and technology (D&T)](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-design-and-technology-dt)

[Funding for training to teach drama](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-drama)

[Funding for training to teach English](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-english)

[Funding for training to teach geography](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-geography)

[Funding for training to teach history](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-history)

[Funding for training to teach music](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-music)

[Funding for training to teach primary](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-primary)

[Funding for training to teach religious education (RE)](/funding-and-salary/overview/funding-by-subject/funding-for-training-to-teach-religious-education)

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.