*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Teacher training routes](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes)
*   Accelerated courses

Accelerated courses
===================

If you are an experienced unqualified teacher, but ineligible for the [Assessment Only](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/specialist-training-options/assessment-only) route, it may be possible to do an accelerated route. To support your training you could access a [tax-free bursary or scholarship](/node/2325). Alternatively, you could [earn a salary](/node/2388). 

Accelerated courses offer a full-time intensive training option for highly experienced and skilled individuals capable of achieving qualified teacher status over a shorter period than the standard one year. Completing an accelerated course will typically take two terms, meaning you could secure a teaching job sooner than on other programmes.

If you’re interested in training on an accelerated course, we recommend contacting providers directly to see if this is something they offer.

Not sure if this is the route for you?
--------------------------------------

You could also take the standard approach to training on a one-year [teacher training course](/node/2358 "Find out about school-led training"). Alternatively, you could qualify as a teacher in two years on a [part-time course](/node/2352 "Find out about part-time courses").

If you need further support, you can [register with us](/node/2278 "Register with Get Into Teaching") for tailored advice, or feel free call us on Freephone 0800 389 2500 between 8am and 8pm.

### Related content

[Find out about the types of teacher training funding available to you and how much you may be eligible for to help support your studies](/node/2325 "Read our overview of funding for teacher training") 

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.