*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   Support during your teacher training

Support during your teacher training
====================================

Throughout your course, you’ll be supported in a number of different ways to ensure you’re comfortable and managing your training course. 

Teachers and trainees talk about their experiences of the support that is available while on a teacher training programme. [Transcript (PDF, 117KB)](https://cms-getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/sites/default/files/Inside%20teacher%20training%20transcript.pdf)

### An extensive support network

Whether you’re based at a school or university, you’ll be surrounded by experts and mentors who are there to help you succeed in your teacher training.

With so many different aspects to teacher training, you can expect to receive support in a number of areas, including:

*   academic help with your assignments
*   training in the pedagogical elements of teaching and how to make your subject accessible
*   pastoral support around how you’re feeling about your training and progress

You can also look to your wider department for any general advice or reassurance. Remember, everyone has gone through teacher training at some point and will be able to offer help and guidance.

### Help and advice throughout the application process

If you want to get into teaching, we’re here to help. When you [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register), you’ll get access to tailored advice and guidance from teaching experts to help you progress through the application process.

### Financial support

You could be eligible for a tax-free training bursary or scholarship to help fund your journey into teaching – and there are loans available too. Get the full details of what’s available in [our funding section](/node/2325 "Read our overview of funding for teacher training").

Scholarship providers may also offer additional support with advice from mentors or opportunities to interact with the wider scholar community – [find out more about scholarships](/node/2390 "Read more about scholarships").

If you’ve got any questions about teaching or teacher training, give the Get Into Teaching Line a call on 0800 389 2500.

### Related content 

[Zoe, current trainee, explains the support she receives while training](/node/4662) 

[Assistant head teacher, from The Compton SCITT, explains the support you would receive during your training](/node/4663) 

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.