*   [Home](/)
*   [Funding and salary](/funding-and-salary)
*   [Bursaries and funding](/funding-and-salary/overview)
*   [Scholarships](/funding-and-salary/overview/scholarships)
*   Physics scholarships

Physics scholarships
====================

The Institute of Physics (IOP) Teacher Training Scholarship rewards exceptional candidates interested in training to teach physics. You could receive a £26,000 tax-free scholarship while you train.

In addition to the funding, you will become part of a community of scholars who will provide a valuable support network throughout your training and beyond. You will be invited to events, giving you the opportunity to learn from the experts, exchange tips and tricks for the classroom and discover new ways to communicate the subject. You will also benefit from IOP membership for your training year and associate membership of the IMechE if you have a mechanical engineering degree. 

Eligibility
-----------

To apply for one of these prestigious scholarships, you’ll need:

*   a physics or related degree ( such as engineering or astronomy) with a proven or predicted grade of at least 2:1. If you have a 2:2 degree your application will be considered if you can demonstrate significant relevant experience or
*   a relevant PhD or Master’s degree or recognised equivalent

How to apply
------------

You can apply for a scholarship via the [IOP website](https://www.iop.org/about/support-grants/iop-teacher-training-scholarships). 

If your online application is shortlisted, you will be invited to attend an online assessment day which includes a written test and panel interview.

If your application is unsuccessful, you will still be eligible for a bursary – [find out more about other physics funding options](/node/2334).

You might be interested in...
-----------------------------

[Read recent scholar stories on the benefits of a scholarship and teaching](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teacher-training-scholar-stories)

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.