*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Teacher training routes](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes)
*   [University-led training](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/university-led-training)
*   Undergraduate training

Undergraduate training
======================

There are a number of options available to become a qualified teacher if you’re not a graduate. You can get a degree at a university whilst completing teacher training or complete a degree with additional school training before completing bespoke teacher training in a school through the Future Teaching Scholars programme.

How you get into teaching will depend on your personal circumstances and the subject and age group you want to teach. You can use this section to explore the teacher training options available to you.

[](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/university-led-training/university-led-undergraduate-training/degrees-with-qts)

Degrees with QTS
----------------

This traditional route into teaching will lead to QTS. You will have a choice between a Bachelor of Education (BEd), Bachelor of Arts (BA) or Bachelor or Science (BSc).

[](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/university-led-training/university-led-undergraduate-training/degrees-with-opt-in-qts)

Degrees with opt-in QTS
-----------------------

This new route allows students on select courses to incorporate teacher training partway through their degree course. Successful students will graduate with both a degree in their subject and the recommendation for QTS.

[](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/specialist-training-options/future-teaching-scholars)

Future Teaching Scholars
------------------------

If you’re thinking of studying a maths or physics degree, and want to teach afterwards, Future Teaching Scholars gives you extra training and financial support.

[](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/university-led-training/university-led-undergraduate-training/troops-bursary)

Bursary for veterans
--------------------

If you're serving, or have served, as an Armed Forces veteran, you can train to teach as a non-graduate and benefit from a tax-free £40,000 bursary.