*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Teacher training routes](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes)
*   [​Specialist training options](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/specialist-training-options)
*   Teach First

Teach First
===========

Teach First is a charity working to end educational inequality. They are building a movement of leaders who inspire young people from disadvantaged backgrounds to achieve their full potential. They do this by supporting applicants to become influential classroom leaders through their training programme.

The training programme offers a two-year, paid position in a school where you’ll teach and lead from the front, making a real difference from day one.

The programme lasts two years. You’re placed into a school straight away in September and gain Qualified Teacher Status in your first year and complete your Newly Qualified Teacher placement in year two.

You’ll receive world-class teaching and leadership training, which will include a fully-funded Postgraduate Diploma in Education and Leadership (PGDE), worth double the credits of a PGCE. 

### Benefits of the Teach First training programme:

1.  Earn a salary from your first day in September and throughout your training.
2.  No fees to pay.
3.  Support from a subject expert and an in-school mentor, plus the 8000+ Teach First community.
4.  Continued support after you qualify, either in the classroom, or progressing towards a leadership role.
5.  Enrich your experience with summer internships at some of the UK’s leading employers.

Find out more about [Teach First](https://www.teachfirst.org.uk/training-programme). 

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.