*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Teacher training routes](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes)
*   [School-led training](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/school-led-training)
*   Salaried teacher training

Salaried teacher training
=========================

If receiving on the job training while you earn a salary appeals to you – there are a number of opportunities to apply for a salaried teacher training course. 

Postgraduate Teaching Apprenticeships
-------------------------------------

A group of experienced schools and teachers have led the design of this postgraduate teacher training course. This programme offers a combination of classroom teaching, practical learning and a salary.

You’ll receive a combination of classroom teaching and 20% of your time is allocated to off-the-job training as you work towards Qualified Teacher Status (QTS).  In addition, you’ll be required to undertake an [end-point assessment](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/apprenticeship-standard-teacher-approved-for-delivery) (EPA) in the final term to ensure you’re on track to be an effective newly qualified teacher. 

School Direct (salaried)
------------------------

Similar to the Postgraduate Teaching Apprenticeship, you'll have the opportunity to earn a salary and train to become a qualified teacher – learning from experienced teachers.

Whichever salaried course you choose, both will help you to develop your skills to become a highly effective qualified teacher. Trainees on salaried programmes are recruited and employed directly by schools, and may continue teaching in their school following training. 

Both courses will award QTS – check with your training provider to find out if the course also includes a PGCE and/or Master’s-level credits. 

You can find these courses on the Department for Education’s search service for England: [Find Postgraduate Teacher Training](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/find-postgraduate-teacher-training-courses-in-england), by filtering your results for ‘only courses that come with a salary’. You can also search by location, training provider and subject. 

Salary
------

You’ll be paid and taxed as an unqualified teacher. The salary awarded will differ between schools; you should check the salary with the school before you apply for either salaried routes.

Teach First 
------------

If you’re a graduate or career changer with a 2:1 or above, you may also be eligible to join the Teach First training programme.

You’ll develop considerable teaching and leadership skills, while you earn a salary and gain a Postgraduate Diploma in Education and Leadership, which is worth double the master’s credits of a Postgraduate Certificate in Education. Additionally, you’ll gain a qualified teacher status in your first year and completing your newly qualified teacher placement in year two. Find out more on the [Teach First website](https://www.teachfirst.org.uk/training-programme). 

Researchers in Schools, including the Maths and Physics Chairs Programme
------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you hold a PhD and have experience of working with young people, you may be eligible for the [Researchers in Schools salaried route.](https://researchersinschools.org/info-for-researchers/)

Related content
---------------

[Attend an event hosted by teacher training providers to get more insight into the different teacher training routes](/node/2162 "Attend an event hosted by a training provider")

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.