*   [Home](/)
*   [Funding and salary](/funding-and-salary)
*   [Bursaries and funding](/funding-and-salary/overview)
*   [Scholarships](/funding-and-salary/overview/scholarships)
*   Chemistry scholarships

Chemistry scholarships
======================

If you are passionate about chemistry and inspiring the next generation, you could be eligible to receive a £26,000 tax-free scholarship, instead of a bursary, while you train.

You will also get free classroom materials, support from an expert chemistry mentor and free continuing professional development (CPD) courses.

In addition, you will also enjoy free membership of the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) for two years – giving you access to a bimonthly Education in Chemistry magazine and a far-reaching community of chemistry teachers and trainee teachers with whom you can share ideas.

Eligibility
-----------

To apply for one of these prestigious scholarships, you’ll need:

*   A degree in chemistry or a related subject with a proven or predicted grade of 2:1 or above.

If you have a 2:2 degree, your application will be considered if you can demonstrate significant relevant experience or a relevant post-graduate qualification.

For the full list of eligibility requirements, visit the [RSC website](http://www.rsc.org/awards-funding/funding/teacher-training-scholarships/#eligibility).

How to apply
------------

The number of scholarships available is limited. So it’s best to apply as soon as you’re ready. You don’t need to wait for confirmation of your teacher training place before you start your scholarship application. To apply you’ll need to complete an online application through the [RSC website](http://www.rsc.org/awards-funding/funding/teacher-training-scholarships/). Remember to [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register) for support with your preparation for your scholarship and teacher training application.

If you successfully secure a scholarship, you will be informed by the RSC directly. If your application is unsuccessful, you could still be eligible for a bursary –[visit the chemistry funding page to find out more](/node/2340).

You might be interested in...
-----------------------------

[Read recent scholar stories on the benefits of a scholarship and teaching](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teacher-training-scholar-stories)

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.