*   [Home](/)
*   [Funding and salary](/funding-and-salary)
*   [Bursaries and funding](/funding-and-salary/overview)
*   [Scholarships](/funding-and-salary/overview/scholarships)
*   Maths scholarships

Maths scholarships
==================

If you’ve got a love of maths and a desire to teach you could receive a £26,000 tax-free scholarship while you train. Other benefits of maths scholarships include membership offers, networking opportunities and professional development support.

Offered by the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications (IMA) in collaboration with the London Mathematical Society (LMS), the Royal Statistical Society (RSS), The Mathematical Association (MA), Mathematics in Education and Industry (MEI), and the National STEM Learning Centre, the scholarship gives the best maths graduates the chance to start an exciting career in teaching.

As part of the scholarship, you’ll get access to:

*   professional resources
*   two years’ free membership of professional bodies
*   invites to continuous professional development events, which are exclusive to maths scholars, and free to attend

You’ll also join a community of like-minded and passionate maths enthusiasts, giving you the chance to be inspired, get support and share new ideas.

Eligibility
-----------

To qualify for a maths scholarship, you’ll need a 2:1 or higher in a subject with significant mathematical content. If you have a 2:2 degree, you are still encouraged to apply if you can also demonstrate relevant experience.

If you are looking to complete a subject knowledge enhancement course in maths, you are also eligible to apply.

Prior to assessment, you should be able to showcase exceptional subject knowledge, dedication to teaching maths and the potential to become an inspirational and talented maths teacher.

Find out more about the [eligibility criteria](http://teachingmathsscholars.org/about).

How to apply
------------

You’ll need to apply directly through the [maths scholarship website](http://teachingmathsscholars.org/home). Remember to [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register) for support with your scholarship and teacher training application.

You might be interested in...
-----------------------------

[Read recent scholar stories on the benefits of a scholarship and teaching](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teacher-training-scholar-stories)

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.