*   [Home](/)
*   [Funding and salary](/funding-and-salary)
*   [Bursaries and funding](/funding-and-salary/overview)
*   [Scholarships](/funding-and-salary/overview/scholarships)
*   Computing scholarships

Computing scholarships
======================

If you have a passion for computing and are looking to teach, you could be awarded a £26,000 tax-free scholarship - that is £2,000 more than a bursary. Scholarships are awarded by BCS, The Chartered Institute for IT, to support you whilst you train to teach and also offer you a range of benefits to help you in your teaching career.

Benefits include, BCS membership, online continuous professional development training, networking and mentoring opportunities.

Eligibility
-----------

To be considered for a BCS scholarship you’ll need to have a minimum of a 2:2, or be likely to achieve a 2:2, preferably in computer science or maths.

If you don’t have a degree in either of these subjects, you’ll need to:

*   undertake a computing subject knowledge enhancement course, or
*   have a degree with an extensive amount of computing content – for example, a STEM degree
*   have a degree as well as significant professional experience as part of the computing industry 

You can find out more about eligibility on the [BCS website](https://www.bcs.org/content/conWebDoc/57862).

How to apply
------------

For more information, please see the [BCS website](https://www.bcs.org/content/conWebDoc/57862). Remember to [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register) for support with your preparation for your scholarship and teacher training application.

You might be interested in...
-----------------------------

[Read recent scholar stories on the benefits of a scholarship and teaching](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teacher-training-scholar-stories)

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.