*   [Home](/)
*   [Funding and salary](/funding-and-salary)
*   [Bursaries and funding](/funding-and-salary/overview)
*   How you will be paid

How you will be paid
====================

You don’t need to apply for a bursary. If you’re enrolled on a non-salaried postgraduate course and meet the eligibility criteria, you will begin receiving payments automatically from your chosen teacher training provider when you begin your course. How you’re paid will depend on the amount of financial support you receive. If you’re awarded a bursary or scholarship, you’ll receive this in 10 equal monthly instalments from October to July. 

Details of the payments are as follows:
---------------------------------------

*   £7,000: £700 each month
*   £10,000: £1,000 each month
*   £24,000: £2,400 each month
*   £26,000: £2,600 each month

You’re advised to confirm the actual payment schedule with your teacher training provider.

These payments are not taxable, but might be included as part of your capital income if you receive state benefits. Contact your local benefits office to find out how this might affect your situation.

If you’re on a part-time or accelerated course, you may be paid in larger instalments throughout its duration, but no more than 50% of the bursary will be paid in one go.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.