*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   Training to teach computing

Training to teach computing
===========================

Now is a great time to become a computing teacher. With more children in schools learning about programming and information technology, the subject is playing a more important role than ever before.

### The benefits

you could get a [tax-free bursary of £24,000 or a £26,000 scholarship](/node/2341) to support your training 

[further funding for training](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/funding-my-teacher-training) with a tuition fee, maintenance loan and extra financial support if you're a parent or have a disability 

once you [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register), you’ll receive practical advice and guidance from our team of experienced teachers via our free Teacher Training Adviser service  

[Register with us for more information and support](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register)

What to expect  
----------------

Your training will enable you to introduce young minds to the fundamentals of computing, all the way up to learning brand new programming languages. As a result, you’ll be able to plan exciting lessons that enable you to develop young people’s understanding of programming, publishing and other skill sets.

Once you qualify, you’ll start on a salary of at least £25,714, or £32,157 in inner London. As your career progresses, so will your salary – more information on teachers' pay ranges can be found on the [teachers' salary page](http://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teachers-salary-and-teaching-benefits/teachers-pay-scale-salary).

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/subject-knowledge-enhancement-ske-courses)

#### Enhance your subject knowledge

If you don’t have a computing degree, or need to refresh your knowledge, you could complete a fully funded subject knowledge enhancement (SKE) course before you start your training.

[](http://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply/your-steps-to-teacher-training)

#### Step-by-step checklist

The key to a successful application is effective preparation. This short summary will give you an idea of the things you can do to get prepared before you apply. If you’re ready to apply, there are also some handy steps to take before submitting your application.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/postgraduate-teacher-training-courses)

#### Teacher training courses

Find out information on what you'll gain, learn and tips on choosing the right teacher training course.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.