*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   Training to teach history

Training to teach history
=========================

A career in teaching history offers you the chance to pass on your passion and knowledge of the subject to pupils every day.

### The benefits

a [Tuition Fee Loan and Maintenance Loan](/node/7728) to cover tuition fees and help with living costs, this is irrespective of receiving these loans during your undergraduate degree 

[extra financial support](/node/7730) if you're a parent or have a disability, which doesn't need to be paid back 

when you [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register), you’ll receive practical advice and guidance from our team of experienced teachers via our free Teacher Training Adviser service  

[Register for more information and support](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register)

### What to expect 

As a trainee history teacher, you’ll learn the skills needed to enhance your pupils’ understanding of British history and the world as it is today – from the events that shaped civilisations, to the historical figures that made them happen. You’ll discover how to pique students’ curiosity and help them evaluate arguments, analyse trends and appreciate the complexity of societies throughout time.

Once you qualify, you’ll start on a salary of at least £25,714, or £32,157 in inner London. As your career progresses, so will your salary – more information on teachers' pay ranges can be found on the [teachers' salary page](http://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teachers-salary-and-teaching-benefits/teachers-pay-scale-salary).

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply/your-steps-to-teacher-training)

#### Step-by-step checklist

The key to a successful application is effective preparation. This short summary will give you an idea of the things you can do to get prepared before you apply. If you’re ready to apply, there are also some handy steps to take before submitting your application.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/postgraduate-teacher-training-courses)

#### Teacher training courses

Find out information on what you'll gain, learn and tips on choosing the right teacher training course.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/school-experience)

#### School Experience

Getting some classroom experience can help you to decide whether teaching is right for you - it could also strengthen your application. Get a taste of school life with our Get School Experience service.

### We think you may be interested in

*   ### [Help students fulfil their potential](/life-as-a-teacher/real-life-experiences/stories-about-making-a-difference/help-young-people-make-the-grade)
    
    Find out how Head of RE Sandra used her skills to encourage one of her students to excel, giving her the confidence boost she needed to continue her studies.
    
    [More about this case study](/life-as-a-teacher/real-life-experiences/stories-about-making-a-difference/help-young-people-make-the-grade)
*   ### [Become a role model](/life-as-a-teacher/real-life-experiences/career-progression-stories/become-a-role-model-in-your-school)
    
    Teaching can impact students’ lives as well as colleagues. Find out how Karen Falcon came to positively influence the strategic direction of her school.
    
    [More about this case study](/life-as-a-teacher/real-life-experiences/career-progression-stories/become-a-role-model-in-your-school)
*   Teaching is not only in the head, it’s also in the heart.
    
    Helen Morgan, history teacher

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.