*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Teacher training routes](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes)
*   [​Specialist training options](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/specialist-training-options)
*   Assessment Only

Assessment Only
===============

If you’re an experienced teacher with a degree, you can achieve qualified teacher status (QTS) without having to do any further training. Assessment Only allows you to demonstrate that you already meet all of the standards for QTS.

To achieve QTS via the AO route, you’ll need to present detailed evidence that you meet the standards. Your teaching will be assessed in a school by an accredited and approved AO provider. You’ll also need to meet all the entry requirements at [section A1 of assessment only criteria and supporting advice](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/the-assessment-only-route-to-qts/assessment-only-route-to-qts-criteria-and-supporting-advice) before you can be accepted onto the route.

This way of achieving QTS is only available to unqualified teachers who have taught in at least two schools, early years and/or further education settings.

A number of universities, colleges, schools and SCITTs around the country offer AO. Their criteria for entry may vary, and you will need to apply to them directly if you are interested in this route to QTS. 

How to apply
------------

If you would like to apply for the AO route, you can apply directly to an [approved provider](/node/463 "Providers of the Assessment Only route to QTS").

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.