*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   Further education teacher training

Further education teacher training
==================================

If you’re interested in Further Education (FE), there’s plenty of support and opportunities to bring your skills and experience into this dynamic and varied career. As an FE teacher, you’ll be improving your students’ qualifications, future job prospects, or simply satisfying their desire to learn something new.

Financial incentives
--------------------

FE teacher training bursaries and grants are available for academic year 2020/21.

**Bursaries** from £26,000 to £12,000 are available for computing, maths, engineering (and/or manufacturing), science (including biology, chemistry, or physics), SEND or English pre-service (pre-employment) FE teacher training. More detail, including on eligibility, is available from the [bursary manual](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/fe-funding-initial-teacher-education-ite-academic-year-2020-to-2021).

**Grants** of £18,200 are available for English, maths or SEND in-service (employed) FE teacher training. More detail, including on eligibility, is available from the [grants manual](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/fe-funding-initial-teacher-education-ite-academic-year-2020-to-2021).

Other support & opportunities available
---------------------------------------

*   Support from our dedicated team via 0300 303 1877 or visit the [FE Advice website](https://www.feadvice.org.uk/i-want-work-fe-skills-sector) for more information 
*   You could gain qualifications as you teach, whether or not you already have a degree

[Get free support from the FE Advice team](https://www.feadvice.org.uk/i-want-work-fe-skills-sector "Get free support from the FE Advice Team")

What you need to know
---------------------

FE caters to a wide range of learners of different ages – from 14 to adult – who are gaining a variety of qualifications, ranging from basic literacy and numeracy to higher-level apprenticeships and technical qualifications, including the new T levels, which are vocational alternatives to A levels.

FE students come from a range of backgrounds and experiences, and may enter FE from local schools, the community, industry or local business. Because there’s no national curriculum for FE, courses are often tailored to meet employer needs and are delivered in a range of different settings – including colleges, community centres and private training providers, as well as the workplace.

For more information, please visit the [FE Advice website](https://www.feadvice.org.uk/i-want-work-fe-skills-sector) or phone 0300 303 1877.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.