*   [Home](/)
*   How we use cookies

How we use cookies
==================

We want to make our services easy, useful and reliable. When services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your computer, tablet, or mobile phone – whichever device you use to access our site. These include small files known as cookies.

The information below shows the cookies that are set by education.gov.uk and the third-party services we use. At the header and footer of this page, you can change your preferences at any time for marketing cookies. 

1\. Functional cookies
----------------------

These functional cookies are strictly necessary cookies, which help to make your experience on the site as smooth as possible and do not gather information about you.

Some examples of these cookies include:

*   enabling a service to recognise your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task
*   recognising that you may already have given a username and password so that you don’t need to do so for every webpage requested
*   measuring how many people are using our services so that we can make them easier to use and ensure that there is enough capacity to make sure they are fast

| Name | Purpose | Expires |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Has\_js | Determines whether you have JavaScript enabled in your browser. | When you close the browser |
| SSESSXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX | Session cookie containing a randomly generated string created when you log into the site. | When you close the browser |

2\. Non-functional cookies
--------------------------

These cookies allow us to provide a more enhanced service and help us to learn what content our users like or don’t like, so we can make the service even better. They also help us to provide you with personalised content and teaching-related advertisements to help you with your consideration of Initial Teacher Training. Whilst these cookies don’t collect your name or address, they do collect a unique user identifier code, which is linked to your device.

The types of non-functional cookies we set are:

### Website usage

We measure website usage so that we can gain a better understanding of how people use our site. This enables us to improve the information that we provide. It also ensures that the service is available when you want it, and that it delivers information quickly. We use Google Analytics to gather this data.

| Name | Purpose | Expires |
| --- | --- | --- |
| \_ga | This cookie contains an identifier made up of two randomly generated numbers. It is used for tracking individuals’ visits to the site. | Four years |
| \_gat\_UA-17566412-10 | Used to prevent excessive tracking data being recorded. | 10 minutes |
| ab\_user\_id | 
This cookie is used to define the version of test content a user sees during A/B testing.

 | 30 days |

### Marketing 

We use cookies to make our marketing more engaging and relevant to users. We use cookie information to focus our marketing on what’s relevant to specific users, to improve performance reporting, and to avoid showing ads that the user has already seen.

For example, we use cookies to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with our ads or search results, and your visits to our website.

We may also use data from conversion cookies to determine how many people who click on our ads go on to register on our site. Conversion cookies are not used by Google for interest-based ad targeting and persist for a limited time only.

### How to control your cookies 

At the bottom of this page, you can change your preferences at any time for website usage and marketing cookies.

You can also delete or manage all cookies from your browser. The links below take you to the ‘Help' sections for each of the major browsers, so that you can find out more about how to manage your cookies.

*   [Google Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB&p=cpn_cookies "Read how to change cookie settings in Google Chrome")
*   [Internet Explorer](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11 "Find out how to adjust cookie settings in Internet Explorer")
*   [Microsoft Edge](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy "Read how to manage cookie settings in Microsoft Edge")
*   [Safari for Mac](https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_GB "Read how to change cookie settings in Safari for Mac") and [mobile devices](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265 "Find out how to manage cookies in Safari for mobile devices")
*   [Mozilla Firefox. ](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Cookies "Read how to manage cookies in Mozilla Firefox")

Find out how we use your [personal data](/node/3418) when you register with Get Into Teaching. 

##### Website usage cookies

Website usage cookies On Off

##### Marketing cookies

Marketing cookies On Off

Your preferences have been updated

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.