*   [Home](/)
*   Department for Education advertising – conditions and sources

Department for Education advertising – conditions and sources
=============================================================

You will have already read in our advertisements that teaching is a great career choice for your future, and one that enables you to have an impact on the students, playing an important part in their future, but there are now even more reasons to teach than ever before.

Financial incentives for those who train in 2021/21
---------------------------------------------------

**Message: You could get a £24k\* tax-free bursary to train as a teacher.**

**Message: You could get £24k\* tax free to train. **

Trainee teachers in chemistry, computing, maths and physics could get a tax-free bursary of £24,000. 

Bursary amounts will vary depending on your teacher training subject and degree class or highest relevant academic qualification.

Trainee teachers in chemistry, computing, maths and physics can apply for a tax-free £26,000 scholarship with the relevant subject association. 

Bursaries and scholarships are available for trainees on eligible non-salaried postgraduate courses in England.

Visit our [funding pages](/node/2325 "Get Into Teaching - funding for teacher training") for more information on bursaries, scholarships and additional payments.

If you withdraw or defer from a course, you are entitled to be paid the training bursary for each month up to, and including, the month in which you withdrew. Any overpayments of a bursary due to withdrawal of the course will be recovered by your teacher training provider. 

For bursary information for initial teacher training (ITT) courses in Wales, visit the [Discover Teaching Wales](http://www.discoverteaching.wales/) website.

European Union (EU) citizens may also be eligible to train and receive this support. To be eligible for home fee status, fee support and bursaries, you must:

*   Be an EU national
*   Be resident in England on the first day of your course
*   Have been ordinarily resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) for the three years immediately preceding the first day of your academic course.

Teacher salaries
----------------

**Message: New teachers start on a minimum salary of £25k-£32k, depending on location **

Once you have completed your initial teacher training (ITT) and achieved qualified teacher status (QTS), you can expect to start as a newly qualified teacher (NQT) in England and Wales on a minimum of £25,714 (or £32,157 if you work in inner London).   

**Message: Teachers in leadership roles earn on average £54k, with many earning significantly more**

The average salary for all full and part-time leadership group teachers was £54,911 in 2019. Leadership group teachers include heads, deputy heads, assistant heads and advisory teachers.

\[Source: [School Workforce Census 2019](https://explore-education-statistics.service.gov.uk/find-statistics/school-workforce-in-england), published September 2020\].

Trainee Teacher employment rates
--------------------------------

**Message: 94% of newly qualified teachers are employed in a teaching role six months after qualifying**

Based on employment status within 6 months of completing a postgraduate teacher training course for the 2016 to 2017 academic year.

\[Source: [Initial teacher training performance profiles for the academic year 2016 to 2017](https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/initial-teacher-training-performance-profiles-2016-to-2017), England, published July 2018\]

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.