*   [Home](/)
*   Start your new career

Start your new career
=====================

From October, applications for teacher training 2019 will be open. Once you’re ready to apply, you can do this via [UCAS Teacher Training.](https://www.ucas.com/ucas/teacher-training "Apply for teacher training on the UCAS website") Don’t worry, we’re here to help – [register with us](/node/2278 "Register with Get Into Teaching") and you’ll get extra support to help you transition into teaching and help you secure a teacher training place this year.

Watch our ‘Steps to becoming a teacher’ video to find out how your journey into teaching needn’t be complicated. [Transcript (PDF, 207KB)](/sites/default/files/pdfs/Steps_to_becoming_a_teacher_all_transcript.pdf)

It could be quicker and easier than you think...
------------------------------------------------

There’s never been a better time to train to teach. So if you’re thinking of starting out on a rewarding new career, we can help you make it happen. This includes:

*   information on the many great [training options](/node/2351 "Discover the various training options available") that are available – being flexible with your choice of course will mean you’re more likely to secure a place
*   guidance on the [financial support that’s available](/node/2327) – it’s never been better, with generous bursaries and scholarships available in some secondary subjects
*   support to [arrange school experience](/node/2313 "Get support and tips for arranging school experience") – but you’ll need to hurry as schools may be less able to accommodate you during the summer
*   expert, personalised advice through [online seminars and regional teacher training events](/node/478 "Find a teaching event near you")

Start training for your rewarding new career this September

When you’re ready to apply...
-----------------------------

You’ll need to submit your teacher training application via the [UCAS Teacher Training website](http://www.ucas.com/ucas/teacher-training "Visit the UCAS Teacher Training website"). We can guide you through [writing your personal statement](/node/2406 "See our tips for writing a great personal statement") and offer [interview tips](/node/2409 "See our tips for performing well at interview") to help you stand out from the crowd.

If you would like to speak to us about teaching or teacher training, please call us on **Freephone 0800 389 2500** between 8am and 8pm.

[Register with us](/get-help-and-support) [Apply now](http://www.ucas.com/ucas/teacher-training)

94% of newly qualified teachers are employed in a teaching role within six months of completing their training

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.