*   [Home](/)
*   Career changers

Career changers
===============

As a career changer, you’ll get the chance to use your life and work experience coupled with your passion for your subject to inspire young people. You’ll be responsible for ensuring children receive a quality education, setting them up to succeed in life. 

There's plenty of support to get into teaching...

*   There is lots of financial support in place to make your transition as easy as possible. During your training, you could benefit from a tax-free [bursary or salary](/node/2325 "Find out more about the financial support available"), so taking a year out to train is more viable. 
*   You could apply for [Now Teach or Transition to Teach](/node/8878) – these are bespoke teacher training programmes developed exclusively to support career changers.
*   If you’re thinking of applying but you’re not sure where to start, we’re here to help. When you [register with us](/node/2278 "Register with Get Into Teaching"), you will get access to tailored one-to-one guidance from our dedicated advisers to help you through every step of your journey, including advice on financial support and childcare funding you may be eligible for.
*   We can also help you gain [valuable experience of school lif](/node/2313)[e](/node/2313 "Find out more about getting school experience"). 

Progress your career into teaching
----------------------------------

Just one year after completing his postgraduate teacher training, Owen Mather progressed to head of department. Four years later, he is now undertaking consultancy work at various schools alongside teaching.

Many aspects of the job attracted him to teaching – particularly the clear-cut career ladder. He explains: “There’s an open field of play, due to the fact that wherever you are, there’s always a school nearby offering opportunities.

“The salary is also much better than most expect. Although you may take a hit when you initially change careers, you can climb back up quickly.”

[Read more about Owen’s move from senior research scientist to teacher](/node/1478 "Read about Owen’s journey into teaching").

**If you need further information, call us on Freephone 0800 389 2500 or use our online chat service between 8am and 8pm.**

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.