*   [Home](/)
*   Accessibility statement for Get Into Teaching

Accessibility statement for Get Into Teaching
=============================================

This accessibility statement applies to [https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/)

This website is run by the Department for Education. We want as many people as possible to be able to use this website. For example, that means you will be able to:

*   change colours, contrast levels and fonts
*   zoom in up to 300% without the text spilling off the screen
*   navigate the website using just a keyboard
*   navigate the website using speech recognition software
*   listen to the website using a screen reader (including the most recent versions of JAWS and NVDA)

We’ve also made the website text as simple as possible to understand.

For advice on making your device easier to use if you have a disability visit [AbilityNet](https://mcmw.abilitynet.org.uk/).

You can also find advice on GOV.UK at [Accessibility](https://www.gov.uk/help/accessibility).

How accessible this website is
------------------------------

We are not aware of any parts of our service which are not accessible.

Feedback and Contact Information
--------------------------------

Email [getintoteaching.helpdesk@education.gov.uk](mailto:getintoteaching.helpdesk@education.gov.uk) if you need information on this website in a different format like accessible PDF, large print, easy read, audio recording or braille.

We’ll consider your request and get back to you within 5 working days.

Reporting accessibility problems with this website
--------------------------------------------------

We're always looking to improve the accessibility of this service.

If you find any problems that are not listed on this page or think we're not meeting accessibility requirements email [getintoteaching.helpdesk@education.gov.uk](mailto:getintoteaching.helpdesk@education.gov.uk)

Enforcement procedure
---------------------

The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) is responsible for enforcing the accessibility regulations. If you’re not happy with how we respond to your complaint, [contact the Equality Advisory and Support Service (EASS)](https://www.equalityadvisoryservice.com/).

Technical information about this website’s accessibility
--------------------------------------------------------

DfE is committed to making its website accessible, in accordance with the Public Sector Bodies (Websites and Mobile Applications) (No. 2) Accessibility Regulations 2018.

Compliance Status
-----------------

This website is fully compliant with the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines version 2.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/) AA standard.

Preparation of this accessibility statement
-------------------------------------------

This statement was prepared on 21 September 2020. It was last reviewed on 21 September 2020.

This website was last tested on 10 July 2020 by the Department for Education’s Technology Directorate.

The service was manually tested. Key web pages were identified along with key functionality, types of web content, design and functionality. Testing was carried out in a structured way, often following a business process from beginning to end. Randomly selected pages were also tested.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.