*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Training to teach secondary subjects](/explore-my-options/training-to-teach-secondary-subjects)
*   Training to teach French

Training to teach French
========================

French is still the most popular language in secondary schools, so as a French teacher you’ll be in demand. As a French trainee teacher, you could benefit from a tax-free £10,000 bursary to support your training year. There’s even support in place before you apply - when you [register with us](/node/2278), you could receive free tailored advice from a teaching professional throughout the application process. If you’re a [non-UK EU national](/node/3893), read our helpful summary on preparing for teaching - you could also receive a tax-free bursary or scholarship to train as a teacher.

As a French teacher, you can bring the passion in French to life by devising and delivering a diverse range of engaging lessons that educate and excite your pupils. Your teacher training will help you discover how to open young people’s eyes and ears up to the beauty of the language by exploring its uses in business, everyday life and culture.

You’ll get to break down barriers and find ways to help both struggling and high-achieving students get the most from the language, nurturing their speaking and writing skills. Some of your pupils could progress from being complete beginners to using their language skills in their further education, travels or career. You may even inspire a French teacher of the future.

In return, you’ll benefit from a competitive starting salary of at least £23,720, or £29,664, with excellent opportunities for rapid career progression. 

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.