*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Teacher training routes](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes)
*   [University-led training](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/university-led-training)
*   [Undergraduate training](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/university-led-training/university-led-undergraduate-training)
*   Troops to Teachers - undergraduate initial teacher training bursary

Troops to Teachers - undergraduate initial teacher training bursary
===================================================================

As an Armed Forces veteran, you can bring invaluable skills and experiences to the classroom by training to teach and you could benefit from a tax-free bursary of £40,000.

From September 2018, this bursary will be available to eligible veterans who study for an undergraduate degree with qualified teacher status (QTS) in England, in secondary biology, physics, chemistry, computing, maths or modern foreign languages.  

To be eligible for the bursary, you must:

*   not already have a undergraduate degree
*   have left full time employment from the British Army, Royal Air Force or Royal Navy no more than 5 years before the start of the course
*   be entitled to support under the [Student Finance England](https://www.gov.uk/student-finance/who-qualifies) eligibility criteria

Your eligibility will be assessed by your training provider and they will pay the bursary to you directly. With or without the bursary, you can apply for a tuition fee and maintenance loan for the duration of the course.

The bursary will be paid in 10 equal monthly instalments of £2,000, from October to July during the final two years of the course. You’re advised to confirm the actual payment schedule with your teacher training provider.

These payments are not taxable, but might be included as part of your capital income if you receive state benefits. Contact your local benefits office to find out how this might affect your situation.

For more information and to search for undergraduate initial teacher training courses visit [UCAS](https://www.ucas.com/).  

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.