*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Training to teach secondary subjects](/explore-my-options/training-to-teach-secondary-subjects)
*   Training to teach drama

Training to teach drama
=======================

As a drama teacher, you can help pupils discover and nurture new talents – and there’s more to that than the purely theatrical and production sides of the subject. You’ll build pupils’ confidence and improve their ability to face important life challenges such as public speaking – making drama a subject that all young people deserve to be taught to the highest standard.

### The benefits

a [Tuition Fee Loan and Maintenance Loan](/node/7728) to cover tuition fees and help with living costs, this is irrespective of receiving these loans during your undergraduate degree 

[extra financial support](/node/7730) if you're a parent or have a disability, which doesn't need to be paid back 

when you [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register), you’ll receive practical advice and guidance from our team of experienced teachers via our free Teacher Training Adviser service  

[Register for more information and support](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register)

### What you need to know

You’ll teach a range of skills that show young people how to work together and collectively develop ideas. Your teacher training will help you to devise and deliver lessons that are engaging and richly educational, demonstrating the importance of drama and how it intertwines with other subjects. 

Once you qualify, you’ll start on a salary of at least £25,714, or £32,157 in inner London. As your career progresses, so will your salary – more information on teachers' pay ranges can be found on the [teachers' salary page](http://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teachers-salary-and-teaching-benefits/teachers-pay-scale-salary).

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply/your-steps-to-teacher-training)

#### Step-by-step checklist

The key to a successful application is effective preparation. This short summary will give you an idea of the things you can do to get prepared before you apply. If you’re ready to apply, there are also some handy steps to take before submitting your application.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/postgraduate-teacher-training-courses)

#### Teacher training courses

Find out information on what you'll gain, learn and tips on choosing the right teacher training course.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/school-experience)

#### School Experience

Getting some classroom experience can help you to decide whether teaching is right for you - it could also strengthen your application. Get a taste of school life with our Get School Experience service.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.