*   [Home](/)
*   [How to apply](/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training)
*   Preparing your personal statement

Preparing your personal statement
=================================

You will need to write a personal statement as part of your teacher training application.

Your teaching potential
-----------------------

Your personal statement should explain to training providers why you want to be a teacher. You should use it to showcase your motivation, commitment and teaching potential, backing up your answer with specific examples.

Give training providers an insight into your personality by writing honestly and thoughtfully. Avoid cliché and write in clear, correct, concise English.

When you [register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register), you’ll get help writing your statement from a teacher training adviser.

You do not have to cover everything in this list, but suggested topics include:

*   why you want to be a teacher
*   your passion for your subject and the age group you’ve chosen to teach
*   the welfare and education of children and/or young people
*   the demands and rewards of the profession
*   personal qualities that will make you a good teacher
*   your contribution to the life of the school outside the classroom – for example, running extra-curricular activities and clubs
*   if you have school experience or have worked as a volunteer with children or young people, give details of what this has taught you

Your subject knowledge
----------------------

Providers will also be interested in the knowledge and interest you bring to the subject(s) you’d like to teach.

Evidence can include:

*   the subject of your undergraduate degree
*   modules you studied as part of your degree
*   postgraduate degrees (for example, a Masters or PhD)
*   your A level subjects
*   expertise you’ve gained at work

Your personal statement must be all your own work – plagiarism will be penalised.

### Video tips on the application process

As well as the personal statement, the teacher training application form contains sections about your paid work history. You’ll also be asked about school experience placements, and any voluntary work you may have done in school, with young people or in the community. 

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/arranging-your-teacher-training-references)

#### Arrange your references

The final part of the application involves providing two referees who can give an accurate picture of your qualities and suitability for a career in teaching. Find out more about referee requirements.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/applying-through-ucas-teacher-training)

#### Apply for teacher training

You can apply for a training place via UCAS, or by using a new GOV.UK service called Apply for teacher training. We’ll help you choose the service that’s right for you.

[](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/post-teacher-training-application/preparing-for-your-teacher-training-interview)

#### Prepare for your interview

Interviews for teacher training vary from provider to provider but can take place over the course of a full day, and feature a variety of questions and assessments – so make sure you’re prepared with our helpful guide.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.