*   [Home](/)
*   [Explore my options](/explore-my-options)
*   [Teacher training routes](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes)
*   [​Specialist training options](/explore-my-options/teacher-training-routes/specialist-training-options)
*   Teacher training programmes for career changers

Teacher training programmes for career changers
===============================================

Many people with established careers retrain as teachers every year, and making the switch is easier than you might think. You could apply for Now Teach or Transition to Teach – these are bespoke teacher training support programmes developed exclusively for career changers.

The programmes are delivered in partnership with teacher training providers over two years, during which you’ll achieve Qualified Teacher Status and complete the Newly Qualified Teacher (NQT) induction year.

Both programmes offer the flexibility for you to choose to fund your training through a [tax-free bursary, and/or a Tuition Fee Loan and Maintenance Loan](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/funding-my-teacher-training), with extra financial support if you’re a parent or have a disability. Alternatively, you could earn a salary while you train.

*   [Now Teach](#1) are recruiting career changers in London, Hastings, the West Midlands and East Anglia
*   [Transition to Teach](#2) are supporting candidates in the North West, North East, Yorkshire and the Humber and East Midlands who have already accepted a place on Initial Teacher Training (ITT)

If these programmes aren't available in your area or you're not eligible, you can still apply for [teacher training](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/explore-my-options/postgraduate-teacher-training-courses) that can also attract a bursary or salary.

As a career changer you can also utilise support from a Teacher Training Adviser - an experienced former teacher who can provide one-to-one support throughout your journey into teacher training.

Now Teach 
----------

### What’s on offer:

*   a salary, bursary or scholarship while you train, depending on your eligibility
*   depending on the school you are in, most Now Teachers work four days a week
*   monthly Now Teach peer support sessions
*   bespoke transitional support through the application and assessment process
*   advice about making the most of your past experience to benefit your school community
*   additional mentoring during your teacher training year and NQT year
*   continuous support regarding your training and employment
*   contribution to research and advocacy

Now Teach support those that are looking to start teaching in secondary schools and typically on a fee-based teacher teacher training course which attracts bursary or scholarship route. They are mainly looking for teachers to train in maths, computer science, languages (French and Spanish), geography and all sciences. Find out more about Now Teach and their programme on the  [Now Teach website](https://nowteach.org.uk/).

Transition to Teach
-------------------

Transition to Teach support those that are looking to train in maths, computing, MFL, chemistry and physics and have already accepted a place on ITT. The programme of support is available to those on all funding routes including bursary, salaried and scholarship.

### What’s on offer:

*   Practical and personalised advice from a dedicated Guidance and Development Advisor (GDA) on your progress and milestones
*   Access to an online portal for peer-to-peer discussion and support resources
*   Career development planning throughout the programme, including early career support in the NQT year and additional mentoring during the teacher training year
*   Extra support and guidance as required on any aspect of ITT
*   Networking opportunities with other career changers and the opportunity to attend workshops
*   Analysis of transferrable skills and how these can be applied to the classroom environment
*   Support to find and apply for a Newly Qualified Teacher (NQT) position

### Experience

All career changers must have had a career including at least five years’ experience with one year of management or leadership experience. Our teacher training advisors can provide more details on eligibility and support you in applying for ITT.

Please be aware that places are limited and expressing your interest is not a guarantee of a place. Once you have accepted a place with an ITT provider, you will be able to submit a full registration and places will be allocated depending on availability.

Transition to Teach are looking for teachers to train in computing, maths, languages, physics and chemistry. Find out more on the [Transition to Teach website](https://www.transitiontoteach.co.uk/).

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.