*   [Home](/)
*   Your steps to teacher training

Your steps to teacher training
==============================

Manage your journey into teacher training with the below checklist. You can also print this out, so you can record each step. 

Prepare 
--------

**[Register with UCAS Teacher Training](https://2019.teachertraining.apply.ucas.com/apply/student/login.do)  **  
  
Register with UCAS to make a start on your application. You don’t need to complete it all at once – you can save your progress and sign back in any time.

**[We can help you find school experience](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/school-experience)**  
  
School experience will provide you with valuable insight into teaching. It could also strengthen your application and prepare you for potential interviews. 

**[Consider attending an event](/node/478) **  
  
You may wish to attend an event to get more information. You’ll be able to get one-to-one advice, ask teaching experts any questions you have and meet local schools and universities who provide teacher training. 

Apply with UCAS Teacher Training 
---------------------------------

**[Choose your training providers](/node/2402) **  
  
You’ll need to research which course is right for you. Consider costs and location to help you decide whether you want to train with a  school or university.

[**Prepare your personal statement** ](/node/8448)  
  
Your personal statement is your opportunity to make a great impression on your chosen training providers. 

**[Organise references](/node/8449) **  
  
Your referees can tell training providers about your qualities and abilities, so it’s important they know you well.

**[Complete and submit application](https://2019.teachertraining.apply.ucas.com/apply/student/login.do) **   
  
Once you're ready to apply, you’ll need to submit your application via UCAS Teacher Training. 

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.