Online

*   [Home](/)
*   [Teaching events](/teaching-events)
*   [Online events](/teaching-events/online-events)
*   Preparing for your teacher training

Preparing for your teacher training
===================================

19 August 2019 at 18:30 - 19:30

If you've been accepted on a teacher training course, this online event is for you. Our panel of experts will provide useful resources and share hints and tips to help prepare you for your first day in school.

<!\[CDATA\[(function(d, s, id) {var js,ijs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)\[0\];if(d.getElementById(id))return;js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//embed.scribblelive.com/widgets/embed.js";ijs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, ijs);}(document, 'script', 'scrbbl-js'));\]\]>

### Upcoming events

[View all online events](/teaching-events/online-events)

[](/teaching-events/online-events/change-career-to-teaching-17)

#### Change career to teaching

22 March 2021 - 18:00

Considering changing career to teaching? Not sure about the next step? Join this online Q&A event where our panel of experts will discuss the different options available to help you retrain and experiences of the obstacles faced when changing career.

[](/teaching-events/online-events/return-to-teach-in-england-information-for-uk-teachers-working-overseas2)

#### Return to teach in England: information for UK teachers working overseas

23 March 2021 - 10:00

This event is to support UK teachers currently teaching overseas in their return to teach in England. Our panel of experts will cover topics such as finding vacancies, real life examples from returners, guidance and practical support available to you. You’ll also get a chance to ask questions and network with colleagues in a similar position.

[](/teaching-events/online-events/advice-for-university-students-5)

#### Advice for University students

31 March 2021 - 12:00

Join our online Q&A event specifically tailored for university students and find out why teaching is a great career choice. Our panel of experts will provide helpful information on the different training options available, tax-free bursaries and the application process.

[](/teaching-events/online-events/primary-school-teaching-13)

#### Primary school teaching

07 April 2021 - 12:30

Join this online Q&A event for advice on all things primary school teaching. Our panel of experts will help you decide which option is best for you and provide lots of advice to kickstart your new career.