*   [Home](/)
*   [How to apply](/how-to-apply)
*   Your steps to teacher training

Your steps to teacher training
==============================

The key to a successful application is effective preparation. This short summary will give you an idea of the things you can do to get prepared before you apply. If you’re ready to apply, there are also some handy steps to take before submitting your application.

Preparing for teacher training 
-------------------------------

Check your qualifications

Although different training providers may have specific recruitment criteria, there are some basic eligibility requirements you’ll need to meet to become a qualified teacher in England. In summary, you'll need or be working towards: 

*   a degree 
*   GCSE grade C / 4 in English and maths – and a science subject for primary trainees 

[Visit the eligibly page for more detail](/node/2285), this also includes information if you have overseas qualifications. 

Get one-to-one support from our teaching experts

Our teacher training advisers are all experienced teachers ready to support your journey into teaching – they’ll just be a phone call, text or email away. [Register with us](https://register.getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/register) to be allocated your very own adviser. 

Arrange school experience – we can help with this

School experience will provide you with valuable insight into teaching. It could also strengthen your application and prepare you for potential interviews. [We can help you find school experience](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/school-experience). 

Attend a teacher training event

Events offer the perfect opportunity to find out more about teacher training. You can have any questions or concerns on topics such as funding and the support available while competing teacher training answered by people who’ve been through the process. [Find an event near you](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/teaching-events).

**Applying for teacher training **
----------------------------------

Find teacher training courses

Use the Department for Education’s ‘[find postgraduate teacher training courses](https://find-postgraduate-teacher-training.education.gov.uk/)’ to search for courses in England. You’ll be able to search by location, training provider and subject. When you apply, you have three choices for teacher training providers. It’s a good idea to select three choices; the more flexible you are, the more likely it is that you’ll secure a place.  

Write your personal statement

The personal statement is your chance to make your application stand out by discussing your experience, knowledge and skills, and demonstrating how they’re transferable to the classroom. [Read our advice on how to make yourself stand out](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/preparing-your-teacher-training-personal-statement).

Arrange your references

Your referees can tell training providers about your qualities and abilities, so it’s important they know you well. [Find out more about the requirements for references](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/arranging-your-teacher-training-references). 

Apply for Teacher Training

You can apply via UCAS, or by using a new GOV.UK service called Apply for teacher training. [We'll help you choose the service that's right for you](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/how-to-apply/apply-for-teacher-training).

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.