*   [Home](/)
*   Training to teach physics

Training to teach physics
=========================

A career as a physics teacher is hugely fulfilling. By sharing your knowledge and enthusiasm for the subject, you’ll show young people how physics is central to everyday life and needn’t be hard to learn.

Unsure of your next steps? [Read our checklist to preparing and applying for teacher training](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/lp/email-prepare).

### The benefits

you could get a [tax-free bursary of £24,000 or a £26,000 scholarship](/node/2334) while you train

[further funding for training](/node/2334) with a tuition fee, maintenance loan and extra financial support if you're a parent or have a disability 

receive practical advice and guidance from our team of experienced teachers via our free [Teacher Training Adviser service](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/lp/email-tta), call us on 0800 389 2500 to find out more

### Get one-to-one support to teach physics - meet our advisers

What to expect  
----------------

Your training will focus on how you can make the subject accessible, whether you’re leading practical experiments in electricity or introducing atomic structures. You’ll be introduced to a range of teaching strategies, ensuring confidence in delivering lessons that are exciting and accessible. 

Once you qualify, you’ll start on a salary of at least £24,373, or £30,480 in inner London. As your career progresses, so will your salary – teachers in leadership roles can earn on average £58,881, with many earning significantly more.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.