*   [Home](/)
*   Training to teach chemistry

Training to teach chemistry
===========================

Teaching chemistry is a massive challenge that requires great talent, but the rewards are equally great. In addition to excellent training, you’ll be embarking on a role that’s in demand by schools. The demand for chemistry teachers underlines the importance of the job. In completing you teacher training, you will train to become a real asset to your school and community, so you can use your expertise to help young people build better futures.

Unsure of your next steps? [Read our checklist to preparing and applying for teacher training](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/lp/email-prepare).

### The benefits

you could get a [tax-free bursary of £24,000 or a £26,000 scholarship](/node/2340) while you train.

[further funding for training](/node/2340) with a tuition fee, maintenance loan and extra financial support if you're a parent or have a disability 

receive practical advice and guidance from our team of experienced teachers via our free [Teacher Training Adviser service](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/lp/email-tta), call us on 0800 389 2500 to find out more 

### Get one-to-one support to teach chemistry - meet our advisers

What to expect  
----------------

Your training will prepare you for a number of classroom scenarios – from learning how to introduce students to atoms, elements and particles, to demonstrating impressive chemical reactions safely. While being surrounded by a team of mentors and tutors, you’ll become a confident and inspiring teacher. 

Once you qualify, you’ll start on a salary of at least £24,373, or £30,480 in inner London. As your career progresses, so will your salary – teachers in leadership roles can earn on average £58,881, with many earning significantly more.

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.