*   [Home](/)
*   Teacher Training Advisers

Teacher Training Advisers
=========================

All our teacher training advisers are experienced teachers who provide you with personalised support when preparing and applying for teacher training. 

If you missed our call or haven't heard from us, please get in touch on Freephone 0800 389 2500, between 8.30am and 5pm, Monday to Friday, to be allocated your very own teacher training adviser.  

### Meet our expert advisers

Eligibility

You need to be eligible for postgraduate teacher training with a 2:2 or above and wish to start training in September 2021.

Teacher training support for 2022 or 2023 candidates

There’s also support available if you want to start teacher training in 2022/2023, with our early engagement team. If you’re a first- and second-year undergraduate or looking to change career, call us on Freephone 0800 389 2500. 

### Upcoming events

[View all events](/teaching-events)

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-newcastle-virtual-event-230321)

#### Train to Teach Newcastle virtual event

23 March 2021 - 17:00

**Newcastle**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Newcastle, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-southampton-virtual-event-240321)

#### Train to Teach Southampton virtual event

24 March 2021 - 17:00

**Southampton**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in Southampton, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-london-virtual-event-270321)

#### Train to Teach London virtual event

27 March 2021 - 10:00

**London**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in London, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.

[](/teaching-events/train-to-teach-events/train-to-teach-york-virtual-event-300321)

#### Train to Teach York virtual event

30 March 2021 - 18:00

**York**

This event, for anyone interested in training to teach in York, will give you the chance to ask experts about your teacher training options and what it’s like to teach.